DOCS-6342 add updateOrganizationLogo to Backend SDK (#1035)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/backend/organization/update-organization-logo.mdx

---
title: updateOrganizationLogo()
description: Use Clerk's Backend SDK to update an organization's logo.
---

# `updateOrganizationLogo()`

Updates the organization's logo.

```tsx
function updateOrganizationLogo: (organizationId: string, params: UpdateLogoParams) => Promise<Organization>;
```

## `UpdateLogoParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `file` | `Blob \| File` | The file to upload as the organization's logo. |
| `uploaderUserId` | `string` | The ID of the user uploading the logo. |

## Example

> The following example shows two files: the first is a Next.js [Server Action](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/server-actions-and-mutations) and the second is a Next.js [Client Component](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/client-components). The Server Action is used to update the organization's logo, and the Client Component is used to upload the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows two files:
1. A Next.js [Server Action](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/server-actions-and-mutations) that allows you to update the organization's logo.
1. A Next.js [Client Component](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/client-components) that allows you to upload the file.
```
